Hi! Thank you for installing the new and improved polar2config!
Here's how to edit settings because you'll most likely be doing a lot of that
(Quick note, this is just my personal config, meaning I have a lot of weird
settings you'll definately want to change right away)

Step 1. Find what you want to edit. 

It's pretty simple here's what each .cfg file is for

autoexec.cfg - Executes all the non class specific .cfg files, don't change this

binds.cfg - All of the keybinds are here, so if you need to change something related to that,
go here. If you're confused on how to change something, here's a quick summary.

	bind (key) (command)

config.cfg - Don't change anything here, it's just what the game looks at for settings,
but the autoexec.cfg will change it for you

settings.cfg - Any settings that can be changed from in-game menu's are here,
so things like volume or sensitivity would be here

gfx.cfg - More advanced video settings. I don't think you'd need to go here unless you're editing
a specific obscure command like mat_phong or mat_specular

network.cfg - Network settings. Don't change anything here unless you know what you're doing

custom.cfg - Any custom commands that are not listed in any previously mentioned files go here

(class).cfg - cfg files named something like "demoman.cfg" or "spy.cfg" are files that will
execute when you pick that class. So for example, if you put "volume 0.09" in "engineer.cfg"
would make it so when you swap to engie, your volume gets changed to 0.09. And if you put
"volume 0.04" in "scout.cfg", your volume would be turned to 0.04 if you switched to scout.

Step 2. Edit it

Now that you're in the cfg file you want to edit, it's time to do that. 
You'll want to find the command or bind or whatever you want to edit, the easiest way to do that
is to use that ctrl+f shortcut, and search for the command you want to change. 
For example I would search something like "mat_motionblur" (with no quotations), and then change
the value of the command.

Step 2 And A Half. Command values

Command values are easy just hard to understand at first, so here you go.

- If a command uses either 0 or 1, it means that,
	0 = False/Disabled
	1 = True/Enabled

- If a command uses other numbers, it means that said number corresponds the command as you'd expect,
so for example things like sensitivity, volume, fov, etc.

Step 3. SAVE THE FILE YOU DUMMY

MAKE SURE YOU SAVE THE FILE otherwise it wont save :>

Step 4. Testing

You can actually test changes without having to restart your game!
Just type "exec autoexec" in console, and it'll execute all your cfg files.
If it's a class specific cfg file, either swap to that class, or type "exec (class name)" in console

Step 5. Profit

That's it! If you have any questions or need help, just let me know and I'll help you out asap!